way that Luke likes to put things is to
consider if you had a safe and the safe
had a whole number of dials that you
need to twiddle in order to gain access
to the safe we don't really know what
all the constants in nature are I've
seen a number like 26.
so so let's go with 26. if there were 26
dials on this safe and someone broke
into the safe what would be the
explanation of how they got in
one possibility is that it could be pure
coincidence they're filled with the
dials and they've managed to pick the
number on EV the correct number on every
single one of those 26 dials
that would be a terribly bad explanation
that is not what the police would assume
if someone had broken into the site
they'd assume they already had knowledge
of what the numbers on the dial should
be
and so that seems to be the situation in
which we find ourselves of course one
objection to the safe analogy might be
for example that